feature: improve Postgres connection mgmt (#1817)
lablup/backend.ai: changes/1817.feature.md

> Improve Postgres connection management by retrying transactions instead of connections and add `pool-recycle` config to replace timeout connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve Postgres connection management by retrying transactions inside connections instead of retrying entire connections, and add `pool-recycle` config to drop and replace timed-out connections.
```
